i've been on this enlightenment
spiritual journey for the past like two
months
and like it really has helped meditation
you know i've been doing everything from
like just every religion every
meditative source energy spirit guide
all that bruh
[Music]
and has really
connected me the most to god
[Music]
and one of them is
ironically unironically
to have a plant-based vegan diet to not
eat meat
[Music]
mentally
like i just know that's the path i'm
meant to be on
so all that to say yes i just posted a
kfc video
[Music]
honestly like it made me feel sick like
that was like literally poisoning my
body right after i think i'm checking
and the minute
like yeah it's only been a few days or
whatever that i'm like vegan or whatever
but the the minute i did i felt like i
was healing myself and i don't know if
it's the
krishna yoga i don't know i
i don't know i'm telling you right now
like fast food is
poisonous but i realize i'm like
i've been literally feeding myself
poison
you've got to do
real things
for real reasons
and the problem
with religion
any religion
each
and every
religion
the problem with religion
is that it conditions us
to do real things
for fictional reasons
the hindu scriptures
are fiction
the buddhist sutras
the bible and the quran
are works
of fiction
and if you know people face to face if
you care about people
it's hard to discourage them
when they start improving their own
lives when they start doing the right
things
for the wrong reasons if you know
someone who quit smoking because he
found jesus or you know someone who quit
drinking alcohol because that
inspirational dialogue with a buddhist
monk and tried meditating for 15 minutes
it's
hard
to take a step back and say to that
person it may be your own brother it may
be your own father it may be your own
sister or mother someone you're close to
and say no
don't do this because even if it's an
improvement now
in the short term even if you're making
your life better even if you're making
your health better
if you start doing
the right thing for the wrong reasons
inevitably
it's going to lead to you doing
the wrong thing
for the wrong reasons
all these subjective feelings she
describes
of being so thrilled
by her new diet
the sense of having a breakthrough and
new motivation
in our life
men
feel that
when they cheat on their wives
and i hate to tell you this
it already has been made into a religion
it's actually one of the world's
oldest
and most influential religions
taoism
oh yeah yeah you know you gotta balance
out your yin and your yang older guy
sleeping with a younger woman
you believe it or not
there's like a metaphysical and
religious justification
for why you feel so good about yourself
when you cheat on your wife
with the younger woman
[Music]
you can talk yourself
into anything
you can talk yourself into believing
that you're gonna go to heaven after you
die
for killing the
infidels i'm not really interested in
comparing one excuse to another and
saying oh that's a better excuse than
another i'm not really interested
in looking at the hindu reasons for
vegetarianism
right and comparing them to buddhist
reasons and if you didn't know there are
some really
crazy
forms of christianity that also
encourage
vegetarianism and veganism all right if
veganism is something good
and important and worthwhile if it's
something positive that you should do
then you should also do it for the right
reasons if sobriety
is something important and worthwhile
something you want to attain something
you want to achieve then you've got to
be
sober
for the right reasons
being sober
for god
it's just as nonsensical
as doing any other
real thing
for the sake
of fiction